h1. Changelog

h2. 0.4.3 - 2019-10-08

* Register missed smd_xml_if_prev/next tags with the parser.

h2. 0.4.2 - 2019-10-08

* Updated for PHP 5+ and Textpattern 4.6+.

h2. 0.4.1 - 2014-10-06

* Add support for customisable headers (thank johnno).

h2. 0.4.0 - 2012-04-03

* Improved feed support and tag detection for more varied / complicated feeds.
* Added XML-over-FTP support (thanks aslsw66).
* Added SOAP transport facility, @transport_opts@ and @transport_config@ attributes.
* Added XSL and regex transform support.
* Allowed @sub->field@ support and added @match@, @ontagstart@, @ontagend@ and @load_atts@ for finer control over field extraction.
* Added @datawrap@, @var_prefix@ and @timeout@ attributes.
* Added record attribute support (thanks Mats).
* Fixed mangled date field bug.
* Fixed attributes-in-record-entry limit bug and undesired ontag output (both thanks tye).
* Changed @format@'s @escape@ attribute to @fordb@ (@escape@ is now for @htmlspecialchars()@).
* Added @kill_spaces@ so inter-tag whitespace removal is optional (but highly recommended).
* Added @tag_delim@ (thanks MattD).

h2. 0.3.0 - 2010-01-17

* Enabled URL params to be passed in the @data@ attribute.
* Added @format@.
* Deprecated @linkify@.
* @param_delim@ default is now pipe.

h2. 0.2.2 - 2010-01-13

* Added @line_length@ (thanks nardo).

h2. 0.2.1 - 2010-01-05

* Supports https:// feeds (thanks photonomad).
* Added @transport@, @defaults@ and @set_empty@ attributes.

h2. 0.2.0 - 2010-01-03

* Added cache support (thanks variaas).
* Added @limit@, @offset@ and paging features.
* Added @linkify@ (thanks Jaro).

h2. 0.1.0 - 2010-01-02

* Initial release
